The Enterprise RAG and AI agents, okay.
We have a big customer from Germany and
they are very worried about AI models
ingesting their data and everything.
So they asked me first to build a chat
interface that connected to Gemini
models directly using the Vertex SDK
because they were very worried about
the employees using separate personal
accounts with AI to just throwing
out PDFs and CSVs and not being
compliant to a specific protocol
of handling data in the company.
So the first, okay, the first step was
build a chat interface that connected
to Gemini and they would just use it,
this chat interface, plain model single
sign-on with the Google IAP in the
middle to, so they, so the system is
protected and they don't have to log
in again with another credential type.
This was done and then this one grows.
They had agents and sub agents that
they could edit the system prompt to
make a sub agent to know things better,
like not connected to any database yet,
but they could upload things, upload
PDFs and put some raw text and give
system props to the agent so it'll be
a little bit more specialized and still
be using the plain model of Gemini, not
needing to fine tune on every anything.
So this solution itself saved a lot of
money because they didn't have to pay
individual license for pro models anymore.
So the cost was all centralized
on this and is all pay as you go.
All API calls to Vertex
SDK. I'm sorry, I'm being
very specific, but that's it.
All API calls to the Vertex
SDK, they were all labeled by
application environment and user.
At the end of the month, I can show them a
dashboard on the billing account and they
can see which user, which user uses the
system the most, and the costs on that.
The costs are very low now because
they're using mostly the optimized model.
Not everybody actually uses the pro.
But, uh, yeah it's been great.
So, and about the RAG, after a while using
the chat system, they were very happy with
the possibility of having base agents,
sub agents, projects and everything.
So they asked about a business
intelligence layer that would know
anything, everything about all the
things that happen in the company
and the campaigns that they do
and everything that they sell.
So I implemented the RAG system
for them and connected to the chat.
So it was really nice developing
this because I had never
worked with Neo4j before.
And in graph databases in general.
So it was a really new experience
for me and it was really great.
So I connected Neo4j, Qdrant,
and what was the other one?
Yeah, that was a Postgres
database in the middle as well
to just store some metadata.
And we did our architecture that we have
an ingestion system that we use Docling
in Python to ingest documents and embed
them into these, all these databases.
And we have a dynamic mechanism of tags
so we can tag content as security level.
So we have
public, private, admin, whatever
security level that we want
to target in each document.
And this tag also helps the Neo4j
database to create the graph of the
knowledge about certain aspect of
the document, which is really cool.
And now we have a system
that's connected to this
agent sub agents in the
other chat application.
They can set up a sub agent to know
a specific content about a specific
campaign, I would say, using the tags.
And whenever they talk with the
agent it will dynamically query
the RAG system in a scoped way.
So it'll not RAG all over the
other documents that are not
relevant to that specific chat.
So it increases a lot the
quality of the responses and
the general architecture itself.
Okay.
Sorry, this one was long,
but it was a complex subject.